Capstone Coach 1: Okay, Monica can you hear me.
Monica A. Harwig: I can yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, good good I wasn't sure whether I was connected or not.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: looks like we're okay sure how you doing tonight.
Monica A. Harwig: i'm doing okay yeah.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay yeah just fed the animals and.
Oh.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah we have three.
Capstone Coach 1: cats or dogs or.
Monica A. Harwig: Three horses and.
Capstone Coach 1: Horses better.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah we're on four acres so.
Capstone Coach 1: and check the robots do you live.
Monica A. Harwig: I live in round rock North Austin.
Capstone Coach 1: uh huh I knew where that is.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah my my my daughter used to ride a horse actually she had a horse when she was in high school and I always like to go out there and I don't know the smell the place.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah.
Let the horses.
Capstone Coach 1: You know, feed the horses.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah like a.
Capstone Coach 1: But I had a there was a guy out there at the ranch that, basically, he would raise baby horses, you know so he'd get them on when they were just weaned from their mothers and then he would raise them to wear that you know you could run around on the ring a little bit there so.
Capstone Coach 1: You sort of.
Capstone Coach 1: break them in, I guess, I always thought that was a good job.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh yeah yeah yeah That would be a good job for somebody else not me.
Capstone Coach 1: Well let's you gotta chop right.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: or something like that.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yeah now I got a job and i'm I mean we had I just had a horse trained and she's been riding horses, since she was six so.
Monica A. Harwig: She was really good at it me i'm a newbie on horses kinda.
Capstone Coach 1: yo yo he was teaching me some things that was really fascinating.
Capstone Coach 1: The way that he uses behavior their horses natural behavior to to train them.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, yeah.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah that's the best way to do it that's how we've had our horses train.
Capstone Coach 1: mm hmm.
Capstone Coach 1: Because I always wondered, I was wondering how could such a big animal be afraid of a person.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: And that says to do with their behavior right.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yeah like we are predators and they're know we're praise we're yeah we're the predator to them right because they're you know.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah well I think every they're feeding their mentality is everything is a predator.
yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: A day he said, except for some horses.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Right few that are dangerous, he said.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh yeah yeah yeah i've seen him, I mean I haven't seen in real life, but I yeah definitely stay away from those horses.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah a quarter horse in a in a quarter horse mixture yeah to quarter horses actually so but like.
Monica A. Harwig: i'm like I said we bought this property, eight years ago and it's got born, it was like a horse property and I just got the worst is just because it was the first property I probably shouldn't got the horses, but i'm learning.
Capstone Coach 1: Good that's very good oh sure.
Monica A. Harwig: No, no.
Monica A. Harwig: TIM, and I think you have to obtain it 10 acres or more more than 10 acres we have only four.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah I would not do this again because you got to pay taxes and.
Capstone Coach 1: Well that's I thought it was the other way around, is that if you had a an acreage that you could say this agriculture, you know she got a break, but no.
Monica A. Harwig: No, you can't if you got 10 acres or more, and we actually have some some more acreage out the country, and we do definitely get it we get a tax break on that um but not here in I wouldn't do it again because no my gosh the city charges, a lot for taxes are always fighting them.
Capstone Coach 1: The well that's Texas, you know, most of our texts, what do you call it the property tax rates are very high compared to other places, some people don't know they say well we're not as high as California wrong.
Monica A. Harwig: Right yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah they go for your rates are lower, but the thing is their assessment values or higher so they end up being about the same as we do, on average, but it's you know at least they got a $3 million home or something.
Monica A. Harwig: yeah yes true yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay well good.
Capstone Coach 1: So I didn't I don't know I don't have anything really prepared tonight, except to talk about the homework, do you have any questions Monica.
Monica A. Harwig: And I don't have any specific questions.
Monica A. Harwig: Just dead.
and
Capstone Coach 1: shoddy are you there.
Kilani, Shadi: Yes, Sir i'm right here.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, you have any questions.
Kilani, Shadi: um do you do, I still haven't sent you the project.
Kilani, Shadi: Okay, eight shots did you want me to kind of just send it as an email a few screenshots of description or do you want me to show you right.
Capstone Coach 1: now send me an email it's fine right at this point i'm not getting showered with a ton of email so.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah you know i'm a little email sensitive when we got everybody sending me email.
Capstone Coach 1: You know if you're just going to set it on this one activity that's fine yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: that's a good way to do it.
Kilani, Shadi: Okay, so I have a few screenshots and a bit of a.
Capstone Coach 1: description oh fantastic I can't wait to see it good good.
Kilani, Shadi: Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Sure Karen was here, I thought and then she disappeared.
Monica A. Harwig: Yes, are a couple times she's in Seattle, helping her son move.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh wow yeah I think she says her activities hard hard to get.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah I wonder if she has the vaccine yep is she okay.
Monica A. Harwig: um I don't know I didn't ask her about the.
Capstone Coach 1: bags yeah seattle's not a good place to be if you don't see.
Capstone Coach 1: my brother lives up in Seattle well normally he's in Seattle, but right now he's in Mexico, he goes to Mexico in the winter so.
Capstone Coach 1: lucky guy mm hmm.
Capstone Coach 1: So the homework I just posted the homework assignment for week 12 it's the same as tweak 11.
Capstone Coach 1: Basically, which has made, which is number one is optional it's worth 100 points number two and number three it's based upon the program that I uploaded at the end of the class which is time series analysis nlp and.
Capstone Coach 1: You know it's the same sort of thing what i'm asking you to do is to run for or scenarios for different scenarios, that is to reconfigure the the network to do the time series forecast and the graph.
Capstone Coach 1: And the code should run as is, in other words, if you if you download it and hit run it should go fine it should run oh you do need to download the data there so data file, that is, on the weekend the week 12 folder.
Capstone Coach 1: So you need to download the excel data file for the IBM xml data file and then you need to download the large program the last one I think I uploaded it.
Capstone Coach 1: And you should be able to run that program as is without modification and then what you would do is make.
Capstone Coach 1: slight modifications to the neural network that's in there that's being used to do the forecast also play with the option optimization routine.
Capstone Coach 1: I forget which one is default whether it's Adam or at a delta I would experiment with both of those and try different Leonard learning rates, with the each one of those to see you can see a dramatic differences in the output, which she really shocked me because I was thinking well.
Capstone Coach 1: You know they're both going to perform nearly the same but it didn't turn out that way at all they're very sensitive to the learning rate, they will give you and I answer, they will run.
Capstone Coach 1: But the solution that they get you, in some cases is horrible so wanted you to see maybe experience that little bit, so the homework and probably take you 30 minutes may be.
Capstone Coach 1: And as far as what you did to upload you upload the the the the.
Capstone Coach 1: The figure of your best run so that would be a figure, the bulk of the program produces a picture of.
Capstone Coach 1: The forecasts and the actual data you saw that I think last night and so it's it's part of the output in the program this show me the best one.
Capstone Coach 1: And maybe just a little table it could be excel or it could be PDF which just says here the scenarios Iran, and these are the average squared error, the route to average score there for those scenarios, so I can see.
Capstone Coach 1: You know which one did best for you that's all so it's just basically like week 11 maybe a little easier actually.
Capstone Coach 1: Any questions on that.
Monica A. Harwig: No, I don't have any questions I saw it before I came to the office hours and it looks like yeah similar very similar to last week's and I didn't have any issues with last week's homework so.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay yeah it's it's posted to send them week 12 folder.
Capstone Coach 1: So yeah if you have any questions, give me a shout send me an email.
Monica A. Harwig: Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh so both of you finished your capstones.
Monica A. Harwig: i'm done.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, good congratulations to you about chuck D Oh, but you are you done.
Kilani, Shadi: I, yes I.
Kilani, Shadi: Think.
Capstone Coach 1: Well, congratulations, we won't be long now, before you're out of here, so to speak, I think, may 19 is the.
Capstone Coach 1: Pure presentations and then may 20 is the the graduation so that's cool we have, I think two more lectures then we're going to go into our presentations for the projects.
Capstone Coach 1: And what i'm planning to do for the next two lectures is talk about time series forecasting using charisse so we started that on yesterday and.
Capstone Coach 1: We next one will be look at the recursive neural network approach to doing time series, and then the last one would be the lstm approach, which is sort of like the recursive approach, but just use a different routine that's all.
Monica A. Harwig: it's like I said.
Kilani, Shadi: that's a good that's fine when you have to like tweak and manipulate and kind of see the effect and.
Kilani, Shadi: Then you're like what if I fly 15 he parks, but if I do.
Capstone Coach 1: play right yeah yeah that's that's a nice thing about this approach is that you can try different you know tweak it a little bit here and there, it's not really that mysterious Okay, here it is in the code.
Capstone Coach 1: Whereas when you do in the renal modeling it becomes a little bit more.
Capstone Coach 1: tricky you need to have more statistical knowledge for that, I think, so the advantage of this approach, the neural network kind of thing is that.
Capstone Coach 1: it's almost automatic you're almost you're able to just okay that looks good let's go with that that kind of thing now one of the things I don't have in the code is.
Capstone Coach 1: A forecast for future timeframes so right now What it does is it fits the data and then forecasts, the data, but what we could have done in the in the program and maybe i'll do this for in person, it next time is.
Capstone Coach 1: Say withhold the end of the data or the front of the data or what have you and then forecasts that part using.
Capstone Coach 1: The early you know train using one part of the data and then forecasts, the other part, and that's sort of a validation thing to see how well you're doing.
Capstone Coach 1: And then the other thing you can do is actually extend the forecast out into the future, you know one one step behind two steps three steps.
Capstone Coach 1: In this particular date it's one week the week the timeframe is weekly so you could, for instance forecast next week forecasts two weeks from now three weeks and so forth, and so on.
Capstone Coach 1: it's not that difficult it's just requires a little extra programming all Maybe I should do that before we go to our next meeting okay well that's it that's all I had, I appreciate you guys showing up.
Kilani, Shadi: Thank you, I sent you the email.
Kilani, Shadi: Do email.
Okay.
Capstone Coach 1: And let me see if i've got it here i'm sure that I do let's see.
Monica A. Harwig: Thank you, Dr Jones I appreciate it.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay well appreciate thanks for showing up arnica.
Monica A. Harwig: Oh you're welcome.
Kilani, Shadi: bye bye.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah shetty I.
Capstone Coach 1: i'm checking my email right now.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't have it, let me, let me, let me get all new you know there's a little skit all new email i'm sure it'll show up.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay um but it hasn't yet.
Capstone Coach 1: doesn't i'll give you a notice.
Kilani, Shadi: Yes, Sir i'll follow up maybe by tomorrow, just to make sure.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay sounds great.
Capstone Coach 1: Thanks, you know.
Kilani, Shadi: All the stuff that you do, thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, thank you.
Kilani, Shadi: it's very it's very informative I really enjoy my time it's Nice, I mean when you mentioned all you're done with your capstone I like that i'm done but also, at the same time there's a sense of i'm going to miss this.
Capstone Coach 1: You gotten so used to it right it's like.
Capstone Coach 1: What am I going to do now that.
Capstone Coach 1: Now, the thing is over, with I got a.
Capstone Coach 1: block of time and a new, you know.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah so different to stage of LIFE right.
Capstone Coach 1: Yes, oh.
Capstone Coach 1: Thank you very much good luck to you bye bye.
Capstone Coach 1: hey Karen you there.
hi.
Capstone Coach 1: I am, are you i'm doing Okay, I understand you're in Seattle.
Karen Fireman: Seattle my son and it's been crazy.
Karen Fireman: you've already got the vaccine.
Karen Fireman: I do.
Capstone Coach 1: I do good.
Capstone Coach 1: Not a good place to be.
Karen Fireman: No, I hear you I am I really was concerned, until I got that I totally agree.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: my brother lives there so.
Capstone Coach 1: he's totally avoided he's gone to Mexico for the winter.
Karen Fireman: Oh, really.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah he's.
Capstone Coach 1: Actually, his wife is not his wife, his daughter his oldest daughter is a nurse in one of the most active covert acted hospitals in Seattle area.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh, she actually moved out of the House into a trailer when he was there.
Karen Fireman: Oh, my goodness.
Capstone Coach 1: To avoid exposing him, you know the boy, the risk.
Capstone Coach 1: And she, of course, she made arrangements and he got the vaccine about a month ago, before he went to Mexico.
Karen Fireman: Oh wow yeah I made sure to get it.
Karen Fireman: Before I came here but literally he just got this job for two weeks or a week and a half ago was still in the middle of the Semester and he starts the job and he's still in this semester, so I had to come out here, helping find an apartment now we're getting.
Karen Fireman: it's it's bizarre but this jobs are so hard to come by.
Capstone Coach 1: so happy you look so you look so happy well, you also look about.
Capstone Coach 1: On this time frame about 10 years younger so.
Capstone Coach 1: Well ucl suits you.
Karen Fireman: Thank you.
Karen Fireman: I was listening last night when I wasn't getting cut off, I was listening and so you were you were doing the the time series which I get and the ones with the neural network, now we have an assignment using.
Capstone Coach 1: Just posted into week 12 and assignment is just like last week.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay it's all optional 100 points.
Capstone Coach 1: Okay, and you know basically you run the program that I provide.
Capstone Coach 1: and try different scenarios and descend see whether you can tweak the program to get a better solution.
Karen Fireman: Oh, I love that okay fantastic Thank you.
Capstone Coach 1: Oh that's okay yeah.
Capstone Coach 1: OK so maybe.
Capstone Coach 1: You should, I think this is a 30 minute project or maybe 60 but.
Capstone Coach 1: yeah me too I start fiddling with these things but.
Capstone Coach 1: that's what I did yeah just relax have a good time in Seattle.
Capstone Coach 1: drink some beer, do you I hope you like beer.
Karen Fireman: I do, I really.
Capstone Coach 1: Do.
Capstone Coach 1: I don't normally drink beer, but if I go to Seattle.
Karen Fireman: Seattle.
Karen Fireman: I think I may not.
Karen Fireman: get to do this one, because it's been a little crazy with trying to help him, but thank you so much, and have the one that's the template was the one we were playing with last night, but the other one that doesn't say template is the one that's correct right.
Karen Fireman: yeah right okay fantastic Thank you so much, sir.
Wonderful.
bye bye.